my father you always amaze me but you
can come in my world in my
give me the food I need to live through
the day super mesmerizer put them is
that fall because this right shoot that
what put these up things up there you go
hey say it inside there you go
hey that's right push your wall right I
wish the whole a bundle right push you
oh there you go hey America that's
big dogs eat you don't come on I
probably you know helping our house this
target us he owned that I baby we owned
America ready I've always related that
strength and that tough-guy attitude to
the strength that I find in Jesus Christ
that's where my inner strength come from
Earth just it wasn't in church it wasn't
you know it wasn't in a big formal
setting I developed a personal
relationship with Jesus Christ
that gives me strength
that's our passion our passion is this
salvation provided by Jesus Christ do we
all of us something we all have in
common and I challenge you to make that
commitment there's guys right here that
are just on the verge there's guys that
there's there's guys that have been
telling you about it if God puts those
people in your life and he knows how
many people it's going to take to bring
you to his throne to get down on your
knees say Lord I love you
thank you for what you did
is
you
store
your
what
you